PersistenceErrorOccured=A persistence error occurred.
Create=Create
View=View
Edit=Edit
Delete=Delete
Close=Close
Cancel=Cancel
Save=Save
SelectOneMessage=Select One...
Home=Home
Maintenance=Maintenance
AppName=StoreUdem2.0

EquipmentCreated=Equipment was successfully created.
EquipmentUpdated=Equipment was successfully updated.
EquipmentDeleted=Equipment was successfully deleted.
CreateEquipmentTitle=Create New Equipment
CreateEquipmentSaveLink=Save
CreateEquipmentShowAllLink=Show All Equipment Items
CreateEquipmentIndexLink=Index
CreateEquipmentLabel_idequipment=Idequipment:
CreateEquipmentRequiredMessage_idequipment=The Idequipment field is required.
CreateEquipmentTitle_idequipment=Idequipment
CreateEquipmentLabel_brand=Brand:
CreateEquipmentRequiredMessage_brand=The Brand field is required.
CreateEquipmentTitle_brand=Brand
CreateEquipmentLabel_status=Status:
CreateEquipmentRequiredMessage_status=The Status field is required.
CreateEquipmentTitle_status=Status
CreateEquipmentLabel_dateBuy=DateBuy:
CreateEquipmentRequiredMessage_dateBuy=The DateBuy field is required.
CreateEquipmentTitle_dateBuy=DateBuy
CreateEquipmentLabel_name=Name:
CreateEquipmentRequiredMessage_name=The Name field is required.
CreateEquipmentTitle_name=Name
CreateEquipmentLabel_description=Description:
CreateEquipmentRequiredMessage_description=The Description field is required.
CreateEquipmentTitle_description=Description
EditEquipmentTitle=Edit Equipment
EditEquipmentSaveLink=Save
EditEquipmentViewLink=View
EditEquipmentShowAllLink=Show All Equipment Items
EditEquipmentIndexLink=Index
EditEquipmentLabel_idequipment=Idequipment:
EditEquipmentRequiredMessage_idequipment=The Idequipment field is required.
EditEquipmentTitle_idequipment=Idequipment
EditEquipmentLabel_brand=Brand:
EditEquipmentRequ